they risked their lives to collect the
bodies of Palestinians killed by Israeli
strip in the southern city of Kan unun
bringing more than a dozen to Naser
hospital I've received 14 bodies so far
we received this number before 9:00 this
morning we're now bringing the bodies to
the people so that they can bury them
Israel forces are continuing to bomb
Central Gaza flattening this school in
nerat refugee camp on Wednesday
night I missed my school I came to see
what happened I found it leveled they
bombarded the entire place my classroom
was
here Israel's war on Gaza has forced 85%
of the strip's 2.3 million population
from their homes the UN says the
situation is
catastrophic many spend their day trying
to find anything they can to eat they
say the situation is beyond
desperate I grind grain for people
during the difficult seeds we're facing
people have resorted to grinding animal
feed to
eat as Israel continues its war on Gaza
Palestinians are wondering how many of
them have to die and how long they have
to suffer before the bombardment ends
Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz